Before doing this experiment where I'm going to be dropping a 40 pound in a 15 pound weight from my
roof, what I would have to do is I want to make a prediction.
OK, so what do you think is going to actually hit the ground first?
Do you think that the 15 pound weight or the 40 pound weight is going to hit the ground first?
And so think about this if need be.
Plus the video.
Give it a little thought.
And I would actually think that most people intuitively would say, hey, no, of course, the 40 pound
weight is going to hit the ground first and then the 15 pound weight.
And the whole reason why you're probably thinking about that is, hey, not this one, this 40 pound
weight weighs a lot more.
So there's a lot more.
Downwards force acting on the object versus the 15 pound weight, which is about a third less so.
Of course, this is going to hit the ground bam first and then maybe this one, maybe not exactly that
same amount.
Time span, of course.
But hey, what that would be a very logical reason right there to actually think not that the 40 pound
weight will hit the ground first.